CASMTRIAGE-6678 1.5 : update doc references for winter release (#4742)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/System_Recovery/Slurm_Service_Recovery.md

## Service recovery for Slurm

> To restore Slurm data from backup, see
> *Restore Slurm accounting database from backup* and
> *Restore Slurm spool directory from backup* in the
> **HPE Slurm Installation Guide: CSM on HPE Cray EX Systems (S-8058)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore Slurm data from a backup, see
*Restore Slurm accounting database from a backup* and
*Restore Slurm spool directory from a backup* in the
**HPE Cray Supercomputing User Services Software Administration Guide: CSM on HPE Cray EX Systems (S-8063)**.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
